- There's nothings to tell. It's just some guy I work with.
- Come on. You are going out with the guy. There gotta be something wrong with him.
- All right. Joe, be nice.
- So does he have a <font color="#c0504d">hump</font>? A hump and a hairpiece?
- Wait. Does he eat <font color="#c0504d">chalk</font>? 'cause I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl.
- Okay, everybody relax. Relax. This is not even a date. It's not. It's just two people going out to dinner and not having sex.
- Sounds like a date to me.
- All right, so back to high school, I'm standing in the middle of the <font color="#c0504d">cafeteria</font>, and I realize that I am totally naked.
- Then I look down and I realize that there is a phone there. Instead of ... That's right.
- <font color="#c0504d">All of a sudden</font>, the phone starts to ring.
- Now I don't know what to do. Every body starts looking at me.
- They weren't looking at you before?
- Finally, I figure I'd better answer it.
- And it turns out it's my mother. Which is very very wired because she never calls me.
- This gut says hello. I wanna kill myself.
- You okay? sweetie!
- I just feel like someone <font color="#c0504d">reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth, and tied it around my neck. </font>Cookie?
- Carol moved her stuff out today.
- Let me get you some coffee. Thanks.
- No no. Don't. Stop <font color="#c0504d">cleansing</font> my <font color="#c0504d">aura</font>. Just leave my <font color="#c0504d">aura</font> alone. Fine, be <font color="#c0504d">murky</font>.  
- I will be fine. Alright. Really. Everyone.
- I hope she will be very happy. No, you don't. No, I don't. To hell with her. She left me.
- You never know she was a lesbian.
- No, okay. Why does everyone keep <font color="#c0504d">fexating</font> on that?
- She didn't know. How should I know.
- Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian. Did I say that out loud?
- I told mom and dad last night. They seemed to take it pretty well.
- Oh, really? So that <font color="#c0504d">hysterical</font> phone call I got from a woman <font color="#c0504d">sobbing</font> at 3 am "I never have grandchildren. I never have grandchildren."  was what? A wrong number?
- Alright Rose. Look. You are feeling lots of pain right now. You are angry. You are hurting.
- Can I tell you what the answer is? Stripe joints!
- Come on. You are single. Have some <font color="#c0504d">hormones</font>.
- See. But I don't want to be single. Okay?
- I just wanna be married again.
- And I just want a million dollars.
- Rachel? Oh god. Monica. Hi. Thank god.
- I just went to your building but you weren't there. And this guy with a big hammer said you might be here. You are. You are.
- Can I get you some coffee. Decaf.
- Okay everybody. This is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.
- This is every body. This is Chandler,  Phoebe and Joey. And you remember my brother, Rose? 
- So you want to tell us now. Or are we waiting for the wet <font color="#c0504d">bridesmaids</font>?
- Oh god. well. It started about a half hour before the wedding.
- I was in this room where we were keeping all the presents. And I am looking at a  <font color="#c0504d">gravy boat</font>.
- This really <font color="#c0504d">gorgeous</font> Limoges gravy boat, and all of a sudden I realized...