### 2.1 Non-blind Single Image Super-Resolution
In recent years, significant progress has been made in the task of single image super-resolution (SISR) through deep learning. The pioneering SRCNN, proposed by Dong et al.\cite{dong2014learning}, uses convolutional neural networks (CNN) to upscale and refine low-resolution (LR) images, generating high-resolution (HR) images. SRCNN initiated the application of deep learning in the SISR field and spurred extensive subsequent research.

Building on SRCNN, VDSR\cite{kim2016accurate} and IRCNN\cite{zhang2017learning} enhanced super-resolution performance by increasing network depth and incorporating residual connections. The introduction of residual connections improved gradient propagation, addressing the vanishing gradient problem in deep network training. Subsequently, Tong et al.\cite{tong2017image} made further improvements by introducing dense connections. Later, RDN\cite{zhang2018residual} optimized network architecture by using deeper and wider networks, incorporating residual dense blocks to enhance feature extraction capabilities. Additionally, EPSCN\cite{shi2016real} proposed an efficient sub-pixel convolutional layer and pixel-shuffle to efficiently achieve image upsampling and significantly enhance the performance of super-resolution models. Furthermore, Chen et al.\cite{chen2022multi} and Huang et al.\cite{huang2022single} utilize CNN-based multi-scale feature extraction networks to capture more image information for image super-resolution.

Besides improvements in network depth and structure, attention mechanisms have also been introduced to SISR to enhance the focus on important features and improve image reconstruction quality. For instance, RCAN\cite{zhang2018image} incorporates channel attention mechanisms, adaptively adjusting the weights of each channel to enhance detail processing and EMAN\cite{zhang2022enhanced} adds pixel attention mechanisms and an edge loss function to improve the learning ability of edge areas. 

### 2.2 Blind Single Image Super-Resolution

Following the maturation of research in single image super-resolution (SISR), recent efforts have shifted towards the more challenging task of blind SISR, which deals with unknown degradation models. Current solutions for blind SISR are mainly categorized into implicit and explicit approaches. Implicit methods learn degradation models from real-world low-resolution (LR) images. These methods often employ unsupervised learning techniques\cite{wang2021unsupervised, cornillere2019blind, zhang2021blind, kim2020dual}, to capture the complex characteristics of image degradation. In contrast, explicit methods generate "real" LR images by manually designing degradation processes, as exemplified by BSRGAN and Real-ESRGAN. When well-designed, explicit methods typically achieve better visual quality in blind SISR than implicit methods.

Both implicit and explicit methods rely on the generative capabilities of variational autoencoders (VAE)\cite{kingma2013auto} or generative adversarial networks (GAN)\cite{goodfellow2014generative} to produce high-quality textures. Consequently, recent research in blind SISR predominantly focuses on VAE or GAN-based models. Firstly, Ledig et al. proposed SRGAN\cite{ledig2017photo}, which was the first to apply GAN to the super-resolution task, generating realistic high-resolution (HR) images. Building on this, Wang et al. introduced ESRGAN\cite{wang2018esrgan}, incorporating residual dense blocks and relative mean squared error loss, significantly enhancing image details and visual quality. Subsequently, Zhang et al. designed BSRGAN\cite{zhang2021designing}, which simulates various degradation processes to generate realistic LR images for training. Based on this, Wang et al. combined real-world degradation models to propose Real-ESRGAN\cite{wang2021real}, which can handle complex real-world degradation and produce more realistic HR images. Recently, Esser et al. combined the advantages of VAE and GAN, using vector quantization (VQ) to design VQGAN\cite{esser2021taming}, which excels in natural image synthesis and detail preservation, providing high-quality priors for blind SISR.